11/29/2019
Reworked the settings interface to allow as many future settings as we need.
Fixed client framerate stuttering.
Changed the magic interfaces back to the default 474+ interface.
Fixed lunar interface hovering of the bottom spells.
Bright setting now saves.
Saved accounts will now display the username and a default helmet (if none is equipped).
Prayer interfaces will now display icons correctly based on prayer level.
Context menus will now draw between viewport/map/tabs/chat.
Context menu will no longer draw underneath the experience counter.

12/1/2019
Fixed minimap rotation offseting minimap icons.
Hitpoints/prayer/summoning will now increase in current level when gaining a level.
Added sucess formula for woodcutting, mining, fishing.
Added correct cooking animation.
Hide roofs now works correctly.
Low detail (untextured mode) will no longer hide other planes.
Added default clan chat back.
Changed all references to Necrotic to Kandarin.
Bank interface will no longer refresh twice when you withdraw an item.
Removed mouse detection code.
Inventory refreshing is now queued so item switching more fluid.
Fixed walking packet "out of range" error.
Fixed bank interface dragging now working on some slots.
Added bank insertion swap mode.
Dragging items into bank tabs now draws the item at the correct position in fixed and resizeable.

12/2/2019
Added gradle.
Split shop definitions into multiple files.
Added automatic client jar building and obfuscation.
Hooked up the cache downloader.
Fixed mining animation
Home improvements
Fixed slayer teleport
Added give rights commands
Reformatted yell


12/3/2019
Created a simple launcher with a splash screen.
Fixed tab hovers being offset.
Added the new favicon to the client.
Added the real 525 sideicons for the old gameframe.
The tab interface in resizeable will no longer overlap the tabs in resizeable (old gameframe).
Added default client settings on first startup.
Perfected positioning of icons and text above player heads.
Multiple grounds items will now appear (when the overlay is drawn) as one item with the amount parenthesized. 
Centered player on equipment interface.

12/7/2019
Finished the discord bot
Added rich presence to client
Added fish sprites over the fishing spots

12/4/2019
Ground items text will no longer render if the item is out of range.

12/21/2019
Added dynamic osrs region loading
Object clicking packets will now use an integer for the id instead of a short
Added YAML configuration

12/29/2019
Improved teleport interface and refactored code

1/13/2020
Added wiki osrs npc drop dumper
General container improvements
Fixed bug with equipment interface not opening on first login
Added support for slayer monsters that have more than one id
Added Item/Npc constant files

1/18/2020
Various improvements to allow for easier npc combat scripting
Added entity Attributes for easy value storing without class spam

1/19/2020
Added shift+walk to teleport for developers
Added support for adding npc drops without specifying a concrete item id
Added various commands to help with creating npc drop tables
Expanded and modernized the jewellry creation interface and added Zenyte jewellry crafting and enchanting
Made some improvements to the osrs wiki drop dumper
Added template id support for item definitions
Various packets fixed to use an unsigned short instead of signed to allow up to 64k item id
Fixed bonus interface not displaying some bonuses correctly
Ranged max hit formula now uses ranged strength correctly
Added Zenyte jewellry enchanting (uses the onyx enchant for simplicity)
Moved /src/ to /src/main/java/ to allow for proper test packaging inside src








